README.md, before:

<h2 align="center">Huntarr - Find Missing & Upgrade Media Items</h2> 

<p align="center">
  <img src="frontend/static/logo/128.png" alt="Huntarr Logo" width="100" height="100">
</p>

---

<h2 align="center">Want to Help? Click the Star in the Upper-Right Corner! ⭐</h2> 

<table>
  <tr>
    <td colspan="2"><img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/34264f2e-928d-44e5-adb7-0dbd08fadfd0" width="100%"/></td>
  </tr>
</table>
 
**NOTE**: Working to Intergrate Other Applications! If making changes in the UI do not appear to take effect after saving, type: `docker restart hunter`

* Sonarr [Good]
* Radarr [Not Incorporated Yet]
* Lidarr [Not Incorporated Yet]
* Readarr [Not Incorporated Yet]

## WARNING

This uses a new repo `huntarr\huntarr` and does not utilize the env variable and requires the UI. Please read the documentation.

**Change Log:**
Visit: https://github.com/plexguide/Huntarr/releases/

## Table of Contents
- [Overview](#overview)
- [Related Projects](#related-projects)
- [Features](#features)
- [How It Works](#how-it-works)
- [Web Interface](#web-interface)
- [Persistent Storage](#persistent-storage)
- [Installation Methods](#installation-methods)
  - [Docker Run](#docker-run)
  - [Docker Compose](#docker-compose)
  - [Unraid Users](#unraid-users)
  - [SystemD Service](#systemd-service)
- [Use Cases](#use-cases)
- [Tips](#tips)
- [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)

## Overview

This application continually searches your media libraries for missing content and items that need quality upgrades. It automatically triggers searches for both missing items and those below your quality cutoff. It's designed to run continuously while being gentle on your indexers, helping you gradually complete your media collection with the best available quality.

For detailed documentation, please visit our [Wiki](https://github.com/plexguide/Huntarr/wiki).

## Related Projects

* [Huntarr - Radarr Edition](https://github.com/plexguide/Radarr-Hunter) - Sister version for Movies
* [Huntarr - Lidarr Edition](https://github.com/plexguide/Lidarr-Hunter) - Sister version for Music
* [Huntarr - Readarr Edition](https://github.com/plexguide/Huntarr-Readarr) - Sister version for Books
* [Unraid Intel ARC Deployment](https://github.com/plexguide/Unraid_Intel-ARC_Deployment) - Convert videos to AV1 Format (I've saved 325TB encoding to AV1)
* Visit [PlexGuide](https://plexguide.com) for more great scripts

## PayPal Donations – Building My Daughter's Future

My 12-year-old daughter is passionate about singing, dancing, and exploring STEM. She consistently earns A-B honors and dreams of a bright future. Every donation goes directly into her college fund, helping turn those dreams into reality. Thank you for your generous support!

[![Donate with PayPal button](https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donate_LG.gif)](https://www.paypal.com/donate?hosted_button_id=58AYJ68VVMGSC)

## Features

- 🔄 **Continuous Operation**: Runs indefinitely until manually stopped
- 🎯 **Dual Targeting System**: Targets both missing items and quality upgrades
- 🎲 **Separate Random Controls**: Separate toggles for random missing content and random upgrades
- ⏱️ **Throttled Searches**: Includes configurable delays to prevent overloading indexers
- 📊 **Status Reporting**: Provides clear feedback about what it's doing and which items it's searching for
- 🛡️ **Error Handling**: Gracefully handles connection issues and API failures
- 🔁 **State Tracking**: Remembers which items have been processed to avoid duplicate searches
- ⚙️ **Configurable Reset Timer**: Automatically resets search history after a configurable period
- 📦 **Modular Design**: Modern codebase with separated concerns for easier maintenance
- 🌐 **Web Interface**: Real-time log viewer with day/night mode and settings management
- 🔮 **Future Item Skipping**: Skip processing items with future release dates
- 💾 **Reduced Disk Activity**: Option to skip metadata refresh before processing
- 💿 **Persistent Configuration**: All settings are saved to disk and persist across container restarts
- 📝 **Stateful Operation**: Processed state is now permanently saved between restarts
- ⚙️ **Advanced Settings**: Control API timeout, command wait parameters, and more

## Indexers Approving of Huntarr:
* https://ninjacentral.co.za

## How It Works

1. **Initialization**: Connects to your *Arr instance and analyzes your library
2. **Missing Content**: 
   - Identifies items with missing episodes/movies/etc.
   - Randomly or sequentially selects items to process (configurable)
   - Refreshes metadata (optional) and triggers searches
   - Skips items with future release dates (configurable)
3. **Quality Upgrades**:
   - Finds items that don't meet your quality cutoff settings
   - Processes them in configurable batches
   - Uses smart pagination to handle large libraries
   - Can operate in random or sequential mode (configurable)
   - Skips items with future release dates (configurable)
4. **State Management**:
   - Tracks which items have been processed
   - Stores this information persistently in the `/config` volume
   - Automatically resets this tracking after a configurable time period
5. **Repeat Cycle**: Waits for a configurable period before starting the next cycle

<table>
  <tr>
    <td width="50%">
      <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d758b9ae-ecef-4056-ba4e-a7fe363bd182" width="100%"/>
      <p align="center"><em>Missing Content Demo</em></p>
    </td>
    <td width="50%">
      <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/923033d5-fb86-4777-952f-638d8503f776" width="100%"/>
      <p align="center"><em>Quality Upgrade Demo</em></p>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td colspan="2">
      <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3e95f6d5-4a96-4bb8-a5b9-1d7b871ff94a" width="100%"/>
      <p align="center"><em>State Management System</em></p>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Web Interface

Huntarr includes a real-time log viewer and settings management web interface that allows you to monitor and configure its operation directly from your browser.

<table>
  <tr>
    <td colspan="2"> 
      <img width="100%" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a076ea7e-9a7a-4e9b-a631-fa672068851d" />
      <p align="center"><em>Logger UI</em></p>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

### Features

- **Real-time Log Updates**: Logs refresh automatically every second
- **Day/Night Mode**: Toggle between light and dark themes
- **Color-coded Log Entries**: Different log levels are displayed in different colors
- **Auto-scrolling**: Automatically scrolls to the latest log entries
- **Connection Status**: Shows whether the connection to the log stream is active
- **Settings Management**: Configure Huntarr directly from the web interface
- **Persistent Configuration**: All settings are saved to disk and persist across container restarts

### How to Access

The web interface is available on port 9705. Simply navigate to:

```
http://YOUR_SERVER_IP:9705
```

The URL will be displayed in the logs when Huntarr starts, using the same hostname you configured for your API_URL.

### Web UI Settings

The web interface allows you to configure all of Huntarr's settings:

<table>
  <tr>
    <td colspan="2"> 
      <img width="930" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/19aa9f3c-7641-4b82-8867-22ca2e47536b" />
      <p align="center"><em>Settings UI</em></p>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

All settings are now configured entirely through the web UI after initial setup.

## Persistent Storage

Huntarr stores all its configuration and state information in persistent storage, ensuring your settings and processed state are maintained across container restarts and updates.

### Storage Locations

The following directories are used for persistent storage:

- `/config/settings/` - Contains configuration settings (huntarr.json)
- `/config/stateful/` - Contains the state tracking files for processed items
- `/config/user/` - Contains user authentication information

### Data Persistence

All data in these directories is maintained across container restarts. This means:

1. Your settings configured via the web UI will be preserved
2. The list of items that have already been processed will be maintained
3. After a container update or restart, Huntarr will continue from where it left off

### Volume Mapping

To ensure data persistence, make sure you map the `/config` directory to a persistent volume on your host system:

```bash
-v /mnt/user/appdata/huntarr:/config
```

This mapping is included in all of the installation examples below.

---

## Installation Methods

### Docker Run

The simplest way to run Huntarr is via Docker (all configuration is done via the web UI):

```bash
docker run -d --name huntarr \
  --restart always \
  -p 9705:9705 \
  -v /mnt/user/appdata/huntarr:/config \
  huntarr/huntarr:dev
```

To check on the status of the program, you can use the web interface at http://YOUR_SERVER_IP:9705 or check the logs with:
```bash
docker logs huntarr
```

### Docker Compose

For those who prefer Docker Compose, add this to your `docker-compose.yml` file:

```yaml
version: "3.8"
services:
  huntarr:
    image: huntarr/huntarr:dev
    container_name: huntarr
    restart: always
    ports:
      - "9705:9705"
    volumes:
      - /mnt/user/appdata/huntarr:/config
```

Then run:

```bash
docker-compose up -d huntarr
```

### Unraid Users

Run this from Command Line in Unraid:

```bash
docker run -d --name huntarr \
  --restart always \
  -p 9705:9705 \
  -v /mnt/user/appdata/huntarr:/config \
  huntarr/huntarr:dev
```

### SystemD Service

For a more permanent installation on Linux systems using SystemD:

1. Save a script with the Docker run command to `/usr/local/bin/huntarr.sh`
2. Make it executable: `chmod +x /usr/local/bin/huntarr.sh`
3. Create a systemd service file at `/etc/systemd/system/huntarr.service`:

```ini
[Unit]
Description=Huntarr Service
After=docker.service

[Service]
Type=simple
User=root
ExecStartPre=/bin/sleep 10
ExecStart=/usr/local/bin/huntarr.sh
Restart=on-failure
RestartSec=10

[Install]
WantedBy=multi-user.target
```

4. Enable and start the service:

```bash
sudo systemctl enable huntarr
sudo systemctl start huntarr
```

## Use Cases

- **Library Completion**: Gradually fill in missing content in your media library
- **Quality Improvement**: Automatically upgrade item quality as better versions become available
- **New Item Setup**: Automatically find media for newly added items
- **Background Service**: Run it in the background to continuously maintain your library
- **Smart Rotation**: With state tracking, ensures all content gets attention over time
- **Real-time Monitoring**: Use the web interface to see what's happening at any time
- **Disk Usage Optimization**: Skip refreshing metadata to reduce disk wear and tear
- **Efficient Searching**: Skip processing items with future release dates to save resources
- **Persistent Configuration**: Save your settings once and have them persist through updates
- **Stateful Operation**: Maintain processing state across container restarts and updates

## Tips

- **First-Time Setup**: After installation, navigate to the web interface and create your administrator account
- **API Connection**: Configure the connection to your *Arr application through the Settings page
- **Web Interface**: Use the web interface to adjust settings without restarting the container
- **Adjusting Speed**: Lower the Sleep Duration to search more frequently (be careful with indexer limits)
- **Batch Size Control**: Adjust Hunt Missing and Hunt Upgrade values based on your indexer's rate limits
- **Monitored Status**: Set Monitored Only to false if you want to download all missing content regardless of monitored status
- **System Resources**: The application uses minimal resources and can run continuously on even low-powered systems
- **Port Conflicts**: If port 9705 is already in use, map to a different host port (e.g., `-p 8080:9705`)
- **Debugging Issues**: Enable Debug Mode temporarily to see detailed logs when troubleshooting
- **Hard Drive Saving**: Enable Skip Series Refresh to reduce disk activity
- **Search Efficiency**: Keep Skip Future Episodes enabled to avoid searching for unavailable content
- **Persistent Storage**: Make sure to map the `/config` volume to preserve settings and state
- **Dark Mode**: Toggle between light and dark themes in the web interface for comfortable viewing
- **Settings Persistence**: Any settings changed in the web UI are saved immediately and permanently
- **Random vs Sequential**: Configure Random Missing and Random Upgrades based on your preference for processing style

## Troubleshooting

- **API Key Issues**: Check that your API key is correct in the Settings page
- **Connection Problems**: Ensure the API URL is accessible from where you're running the application
- **Login Issues**: If you forget your password, you will need to delete the credentials file at `/config/user/credentials.json` and restart the container
- **Web Interface Not Loading**: Make sure port 9705 is exposed in your Docker configuration and not blocked by a firewall
- **Logs**: Check the container logs with `docker logs huntarr` if running in Docker, or use the web interface
- **Debug Mode**: Enable Debug Mode in the Advanced Settings to see detailed API responses and process flow
- **Settings Not Persisting**: Verify your volume mount for `/config` is configured correctly
- **State Files**: The application stores state in `/config/stateful/` - if something seems stuck, you can try deleting these files
- **Excessive Disk Activity**: If you notice high disk usage, try enabling Skip Series Refresh
- **Configuration Issues**: Settings now require a container restart to take effect - confirm the restart prompt when saving settings
- **Container Restart Required**: When making significant changes to settings, always restart the container when prompted

---

This application helps automate the tedious process of finding missing content and quality upgrades in your media collection, running quietly in the background while respecting your indexers' rate limits.

---

Thanks to: 

* [IntensiveCareCub](https://www.reddit.com/user/IntensiveCareCub/) for the Hunter to Huntarr idea!
* [ZPatten](https://github.com/zpatten) for adding the Queue Size and Delay Commands!

Commit message:

logs now store under /config/logs

README.md, after:

<h2 align="center">Huntarr - Find Missing & Upgrade Media Items</h2> 

<p align="center">
  <img src="frontend/static/logo/128.png" alt="Huntarr Logo" width="100" height="100">
</p>

---

<h2 align="center">Want to Help? Click the Star in the Upper-Right Corner! ⭐</h2> 

<table>
  <tr>
    <td colspan="2"><img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/34264f2e-928d-44e5-adb7-0dbd08fadfd0" width="100%"/></td>
  </tr>
</table>
 
**NOTE**: Working to Intergrate Other Applications! If making changes in the UI do not appear to take effect after saving, type: `docker restart hunter`

* Sonarr [Good]
* Radarr [Not Incorporated Yet]
* Lidarr [Not Incorporated Yet]
* Readarr [Not Incorporated Yet]

## WARNING

This uses a new repo `huntarr\huntarr` and does not utilize the env variable and requires the UI. Please read the documentation.

**Change Log:**
Visit: https://github.com/plexguide/Huntarr/releases/

## Table of Contents
- [Overview](#overview)
- [Related Projects](#related-projects)
- [Features](#features)
- [How It Works](#how-it-works)
- [Web Interface](#web-interface)
- [Persistent Storage](#persistent-storage)
- [Installation Methods](#installation-methods)
  - [Docker Run](#docker-run)
  - [Docker Compose](#docker-compose)
  - [Unraid Users](#unraid-users)
  - [SystemD Service](#systemd-service)
- [Use Cases](#use-cases)
- [Tips](#tips)
- [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)

## Overview

This application continually searches your media libraries for missing content and items that need quality upgrades. It automatically triggers searches for both missing items and those below your quality cutoff. It's designed to run continuously while being gentle on your indexers, helping you gradually complete your media collection with the best available quality.

For detailed documentation, please visit our [Wiki](https://github.com/plexguide/Huntarr/wiki).

## Related Projects

* [Huntarr - Radarr Edition](https://github.com/plexguide/Radarr-Hunter) - Sister version for Movies
* [Huntarr - Lidarr Edition](https://github.com/plexguide/Lidarr-Hunter) - Sister version for Music
* [Huntarr - Readarr Edition](https://github.com/plexguide/Huntarr-Readarr) - Sister version for Books
* [Unraid Intel ARC Deployment](https://github.com/plexguide/Unraid_Intel-ARC_Deployment) - Convert videos to AV1 Format (I've saved 325TB encoding to AV1)
* Visit [PlexGuide](https://plexguide.com) for more great scripts

## PayPal Donations – Building My Daughter's Future

My 12-year-old daughter is passionate about singing, dancing, and exploring STEM. She consistently earns A-B honors and dreams of a bright future. Every donation goes directly into her college fund, helping turn those dreams into reality. Thank you for your generous support!

[![Donate with PayPal button](https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donate_LG.gif)](https://www.paypal.com/donate?hosted_button_id=58AYJ68VVMGSC)

## Features

- 🔄 **Continuous Operation**: Runs indefinitely until manually stopped
- 🎯 **Dual Targeting System**: Targets both missing items and quality upgrades
- 🎲 **Separate Random Controls**: Separate toggles for random missing content and random upgrades
- ⏱️ **Throttled Searches**: Includes configurable delays to prevent overloading indexers
- 📊 **Status Reporting**: Provides clear feedback about what it's doing and which items it's searching for
- 🛡️ **Error Handling**: Gracefully handles connection issues and API failures
- 🔁 **State Tracking**: Remembers which items have been processed to avoid duplicate searches
- ⚙️ **Configurable Reset Timer**: Automatically resets search history after a configurable period
- 📦 **Modular Design**: Modern codebase with separated concerns for easier maintenance
- 🌐 **Web Interface**: Real-time log viewer with day/night mode and settings management
- 🔮 **Future Item Skipping**: Skip processing items with future release dates
- 💾 **Reduced Disk Activity**: Option to skip metadata refresh before processing
- 💿 **Persistent Configuration**: All settings are saved to disk and persist across container restarts
- 📝 **Stateful Operation**: Processed state is now permanently saved between restarts
- ⚙️ **Advanced Settings**: Control API timeout, command wait parameters, and more

## Indexers Approving of Huntarr:
* https://ninjacentral.co.za

## How It Works

1. **Initialization**: Connects to your *Arr instance and analyzes your library
2. **Missing Content**: 
   - Identifies items with missing episodes/movies/etc.
   - Randomly or sequentially selects items to process (configurable)
   - Refreshes metadata (optional) and triggers searches
   - Skips items with future release dates (configurable)
3. **Quality Upgrades**:
   - Finds items that don't meet your quality cutoff settings
   - Processes them in configurable batches
   - Uses smart pagination to handle large libraries
   - Can operate in random or sequential mode (configurable)
   - Skips items with future release dates (configurable)
4. **State Management**:
   - Tracks which items have been processed
   - Stores this information persistently in the `/config` volume
   - Automatically resets this tracking after a configurable time period
5. **Repeat Cycle**: Waits for a configurable period before starting the next cycle

<table>
  <tr>
    <td width="50%">
      <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d758b9ae-ecef-4056-ba4e-a7fe363bd182" width="100%"/>
      <p align="center"><em>Missing Content Demo</em></p>
    </td>
    <td width="50%">
      <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/923033d5-fb86-4777-952f-638d8503f776" width="100%"/>
      <p align="center"><em>Quality Upgrade Demo</em></p>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td colspan="2">
      <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3e95f6d5-4a96-4bb8-a5b9-1d7b871ff94a" width="100%"/>
      <p align="center"><em>State Management System</em></p>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Web Interface

Huntarr includes a real-time log viewer and settings management web interface that allows you to monitor and configure its operation directly from your browser.

<table>
  <tr>
    <td colspan="2"> 
      <img width="100%" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a076ea7e-9a7a-4e9b-a631-fa672068851d" />
      <p align="center"><em>Logger UI</em></p>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

### Features

- **Real-time Log Updates**: Logs refresh automatically every second
- **Day/Night Mode**: Toggle between light and dark themes
- **Color-coded Log Entries**: Different log levels are displayed in different colors
- **Auto-scrolling**: Automatically scrolls to the latest log entries
- **Connection Status**: Shows whether the connection to the log stream is active
- **Settings Management**: Configure Huntarr directly from the web interface
- **Persistent Configuration**: All settings are saved to disk and persist across container restarts

### How to Access

The web interface is available on port 9705. Simply navigate to:

```
http://YOUR_SERVER_IP:9705
```

The URL will be displayed in the logs when Huntarr starts, using the same hostname you configured for your API_URL.

### Web UI Settings

The web interface allows you to configure all of Huntarr's settings:

<table>
  <tr>
    <td colspan="2"> 
      <img width="930" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/19aa9f3c-7641-4b82-8867-22ca2e47536b" />
      <p align="center"><em>Settings UI</em></p>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

All settings are now configured entirely through the web UI after initial setup.

## Persistent Storage

Huntarr stores all its configuration and state information in persistent storage, ensuring your settings and processed state are maintained across container restarts and updates.

### Storage Locations

The following directories are used for persistent storage:

- `/config/settings/` - Contains configuration settings (huntarr.json)
- `/config/stateful/` - Contains the state tracking files for processed items
- `/config/user/` - Contains user authentication information

### Data Persistence

All data in these directories is maintained across container restarts. This means:

1. Your settings configured via the web UI will be preserved
2. The list of items that have already been processed will be maintained
3. After a container update or restart, Huntarr will continue from where it left off

### Volume Mapping

To ensure data persistence, make sure you map the `/config` directory to a persistent volume on your host system:

```bash
-v /mnt/user/appdata/huntarr:/config
```

This mapping is included in all of the installation examples below.

---

## Installation Methods

### Docker Run

The simplest way to run Huntarr is via Docker (all configuration is done via the web UI):

```bash
docker run -d --name huntarr \
  --restart always \
  -p 9705:9705 \
  -v /mnt/user/appdata/huntarr:/config \
  huntarr/huntarr:dev
```

To check on the status of the program, you can use the web interface at http://YOUR_SERVER_IP:9705 or check the logs with:
```bash
docker logs huntarr
```

### Docker Compose

For those who prefer Docker Compose, add this to your `docker-compose.yml` file:

```yaml
version: "3.8"
services:
  huntarr:
    image: huntarr/huntarr:dev
    container_name: huntarr
    restart: always
    ports:
      - "9705:9705"
    volumes:
      - /mnt/user/appdata/huntarr:/config
```

Then run:

```bash
docker-compose up -d huntarr
```

### Unraid Users

Run this from Command Line in Unraid:

```bash
docker run -d --name huntarr \
  --restart always \
  -p 9705:9705 \
  -v /mnt/user/appdata/huntarr:/config \
  huntarr/huntarr:dev
```

### SystemD Service

For a more permanent installation on Linux systems using SystemD:

1. Save a script with the Docker run command to `/usr/local/bin/huntarr.sh`
2. Make it executable: `chmod +x /usr/local/bin/huntarr.sh`
3. Create a systemd service file at `/etc/systemd/system/huntarr.service`:

```ini
[Unit]
Description=Huntarr Service
After=docker.service

[Service]
Type=simple
User=root
ExecStartPre=/bin/sleep 10
ExecStart=/usr/local/bin/huntarr.sh
Restart=on-failure
RestartSec=10

[Install]
WantedBy=multi-user.target
```

4. Enable and start the service:

```bash
sudo systemctl enable huntarr
sudo systemctl start huntarr
```

## Use Cases

- **Library Completion**: Gradually fill in missing content in your media library
- **Quality Improvement**: Automatically upgrade item quality as better versions become available
- **New Item Setup**: Automatically find media for newly added items
- **Background Service**: Run it in the background to continuously maintain your library
- **Smart Rotation**: With state tracking, ensures all content gets attention over time
- **Real-time Monitoring**: Use the web interface to see what's happening at any time
- **Disk Usage Optimization**: Skip refreshing metadata to reduce disk wear and tear
- **Efficient Searching**: Skip processing items with future release dates to save resources
- **Persistent Configuration**: Save your settings once and have them persist through updates
- **Stateful Operation**: Maintain processing state across container restarts and updates

## Tips

- **First-Time Setup**: After installation, navigate to the web interface and create your administrator account
- **API Connection**: Configure the connection to your *Arr application through the Settings page
- **Web Interface**: Use the web interface to adjust settings without restarting the container
- **Adjusting Speed**: Lower the Sleep Duration to search more frequently (be careful with indexer limits)
- **Batch Size Control**: Adjust Hunt Missing and Hunt Upgrade values based on your indexer's rate limits
- **Monitored Status**: Set Monitored Only to false if you want to download all missing content regardless of monitored status
- **System Resources**: The application uses minimal resources and can run continuously on even low-powered systems
- **Port Conflicts**: If port 9705 is already in use, map to a different host port (e.g., `-p 8080:9705`)
- **Debugging Issues**: Enable Debug Mode temporarily to see detailed logs when troubleshooting
- **Hard Drive Saving**: Enable Skip Series Refresh to reduce disk activity
- **Search Efficiency**: Keep Skip Future Episodes enabled to avoid searching for unavailable content
- **Persistent Storage**: Make sure to map the `/config` volume to preserve settings and state
- **Dark Mode**: Toggle between light and dark themes in the web interface for comfortable viewing
- **Settings Persistence**: Any settings changed in the web UI are saved immediately and permanently
- **Random vs Sequential**: Configure Random Missing and Random Upgrades based on your preference for processing style

## Troubleshooting

- **API Key Issues**: Check that your API key is correct in the Settings page
- **Connection Problems**: Ensure the API URL is accessible from where you're running the application
- **Login Issues**: If you forget your password, you will need to delete the credentials file at `/config/user/credentials.json` and restart the container
- **Web Interface Not Loading**: Make sure port 9705 is exposed in your Docker configuration and not blocked by a firewall
- **Logs**: Check the container logs with `docker logs huntarr` if running in Docker, or check the log files in `/config/logs/` within the container/volume, or use the web interface.
- **Debug Mode**: Enable Debug Mode in the Advanced Settings to see detailed API responses and process flow
- **Settings Not Persisting**: Verify your volume mount for `/config` is configured correctly
- **State Files**: The application stores state in `/config/stateful/` - if something seems stuck, you can try deleting these files
- **Excessive Disk Activity**: If you notice high disk usage, try enabling Skip Series Refresh
- **Configuration Issues**: Settings now require a container restart to take effect - confirm the restart prompt when saving settings
- **Container Restart Required**: When making significant changes to settings, always restart the container when prompted

---

This application helps automate the tedious process of finding missing content and quality upgrades in your media collection, running quietly in the background while respecting your indexers' rate limits.

---

Thanks to: 

* [IntensiveCareCub](https://www.reddit.com/user/IntensiveCareCub/) for the Hunter to Huntarr idea!
* [ZPatten](https://github.com/zpatten) for adding the Queue Size and Delay Commands!
